Wrap `.Invoke()` with act to make trigger rerender by handler less error prone (#2158)
airbnb/enzyme: docs/api/ReactWrapper/invoke.md

# `.invoke(propName)(...args) => Any`

Invokes a function prop.

> Note that `.invoke` will wrap your handler with [`ReactTestUtils.act`](https://reactjs.org/docs/test-utils.html#act) and call `.update()` automatically. It would

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that in React 16.8+, `.invoke` will wrap your handler with [`ReactTestUtils.act`](https://reactjs.org/docs/test-utils.html#act) and call `.update()` automatically. This may be more ergonomic than directly invoking a `.props()` function, since you won't have to wrap it in `act` yourself.
```

> be less error prone than directly call handler prop with `.props()`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Author: IMO,
```javascript
wrapper.invoke('handler')
expect(...)
```
is better than
```javascript
ReactTestUtils.act(wrapper.prop('handler')());
wrapper.update();
expect(...)
```
if we simply want to trigger handler. Since it's easy to forget (1) the `act` wrap and (2) the `update` call. I think this knowledge may worth a document (or maybe my opinion is wrong).

Reviewer: I agree; I folded this line into the one above it.
